hello everyone got another new box here
and this is actually the biggest any box
I received so far it's much bigger than
the other one so I hope there's some
good stuff inside now I know which game
this is gonna be or at least I think I
know because somebody had already
spoiled it for me on on a form that I
was on and so it's possible that I
already know what this is gonna be and
if so let me just show you this video I
hope that it is the right game cuz if
not it's gonna be very awkward but I
think my prayers have been answered but
I think waka Meili gives them a live
legitimacy because they proven that they
can handle these big indie games so let
me just make this little request indie
box get axiom verge I know you can do it
I believe in you
alright now let's see what's inside
possibly be my answer it is axiom verge
oh my god I never thought that they
could do this i i seriously
it boggles my mind how how did they make
this happen
it didn't release that long ago and this
is amazing they could do anything they
it feels like they gave this game
directly to me because i mean i asked
for it and then now i got it
oh this is incredible and again i have
no connection with the people indie box
i did not know that this game was going
to come out there's no way I could have
known that was gonna come out and for
any box but it this is incredible wow
they can really make anything happen
that's that's amazing alright anyways
here's the steam key for those of you
well for the one of you who gets this
game make sure let us know how this game
turned out for you but I've really been
wearing this game because it is
is said to be one of the metroidvania
that you must put holy crap this is like
huge box there isn't anything else in
here it's just those okay I didn't
expect that I thought that there was
gonna be like a I don't know a plush
figure or something in there wow that is
a big big big box alright let's see if
we can open this wow this is amazing by
the way I hear this game I mean I've
seen it has pretty much universal
acclaim everybody likes it so hopefully
hopefully it's very good I'm really not
worried about that part let's see what
this camera's about like I said I just
know that it's a Metroidvania but let's
see what is inside it also seems to be
some sort of a sci-fi adventure like has
a very HR Giger look to it this thing
looks amazing wow you said yeah five
stars for us gamer and giant bomb
amazing limited edition okay so now it
looks like they've got like up to 3,000
subscribers that's pretty cool
hopefully the word of the gospel of
indie box is spreading let's do some
styrofoam here let's see okay it didn't
really protect much it's like it does
things thank you Wow and this is not
sheet material this is it's not plastic
it feels like it's almost almost like
pottery it's very cold but it's not
metal I'm wondering what that is well I
know that that's pretty much like what
was on the frozen cover but hi it looks
like there's a base to it
Wow that looks pretty cool interesting
here's the game itself Wow
not sure how open your USB go over here
say soundtrack pirate the soundtrack is
really good on this hope it's good
we'll see instruction manual
very nice this thing has a very very
super metroid look to it
I mean it looks almost it looks almost
like it was made by the same people
alright Andy Fox newsletter what is that
thing that is oh it's a bookend okay
okay that makes sense
nice our first custom figure wow that's
pretty cool alright then there's a
sticker for indie box that's cool how
they replace the oh right there very
nice another sticker it looks like I
don't like it when they include stickers
I don't know that's just me that I mean
like maybe I said this before Ron I'm
not seven I mean I don't really have a
use for stickers or anything let's see
this is a poster I guess let's see what
this is oh wow
it's a map so one thing that I needed an
original Metroid wow it's a an apple the
whole thing cool I could use this to be
honest I don't know there's something
about maps and guides that are printed
there's just something about him that I
really like that it almost feels I don't
know maybe more like a more authentic
experience because it's one thing to hit
a button it then you get a map on a
screen but it's a told another thing to
have you know a math you could actually
fold out and then you have the game
going
one screen and then you have the map in
front of you in you know in reality but
this is cool
I like this Wow oh wow let's figure out
how the game is wow what a game in fact
I just be it yesterday and that makes
this the first indie box review where I
beat the game completely before making
the video I decided to do that
specifically for axiom verge since I've
been waiting so long for this game so I
want to make sure I gave my impressions
on the full experience but it almost
didn't happen like this that's because I
got stuck in the middle of the game I
couldn't go forward and I didn't even
know if I was going in the right
direction that happens a lot of
Metroidvania stayin stuck is not a big
issue usually I deal with that by
putting the game down and taking a break
and then I come back refreshed and it
only takes a few minutes to figure out
the solution the Game Boy Advance
Metroid games did this perfectly but for
axiom verge when I got stuck in the
middle I kept coming back over and over
again
to try to find the solution and I
couldn't figure it out this is one of
the reasons why this review was delayed
so much after a few days of this I
decided I give up I'm gonna go game
facts and figure out where I'm supposed
to be but when I went there I couldn't
find any walkthroughs for axiom verge so
at this point I'm pissed off and I'm
ready to put the game down completely
then it dawned on me I thought wait a
second it's a map so one thing that I
needed an original Metroid wow it's a
pineapple the whole thing cool I could
use this the map the map that came with
the game numbers all the items that
you're supposed to collect in order and
that pretty much is a walkthrough so
thanks to that I was able to figure out
where I'm supposed to go and complete
the game this is really cool because
indie box helped me enjoy the game I'm
very happy that I got to experience it
this way if I didn't have the benefit of
indie box instead I just downloaded this
game it would have been a completely
different review I would have to end the
game with just getting stuck and feeling
lousy for it but instead with this map
that they include it made me feel like a
kid reading Nintendo Power so it made
the rest of the game easier for the
right reasons I was able to put that
frustrating stuff aside and appreciate
the rest of the game I feel like the
indie box version gave me a more
complete experience and it even has
additional backstory in the manual
and asked for the game itself that has
some free pull backstory to it as well
all of it the programming the music the
art it was all made by one guy and as
much as I'd like to be objective about
it it does make it a little bit harder
to criticize this game if something
feels on polish do you almost want to
forgive it because it was all made by
one person and there are some parts that
do feel like that a lot of the
environments and textures seem to get
recycled sometimes it feels like you're
going through the same area again but
with different wallpaper that type of
deja vu is not good for a Metroidvania
it's really confusing and it makes you
miss remember where certain things are
the audio also seems to repeat a little
too often but maybe that was just my
experience because I got lost
now those points of criticism could be
easy to forgive again it was all made by
one guy what do you expect but my
counter-argument to that is that the
next Penelope was also made by one guy
and that one had radically different
environments and to me the soundtrack
was better and had more variety as well
but I have one big complaint against
axiom verge which I don't think I can
forgive him for and that is the walls
that you teleport through you see
there's a powerup that you get very
early on in the game which lets you
teleport through walls if they're thin
enough this mechanic is used heavily in
the game but it only makes things more
confusing as a player when I see a wall
that tells me I can go in this direction
any longer and I have to find another
way around there's a formula to making a
good Metroidvania title you have to use
doors keys and abilities very
strategically and it has to be
communicated to the player clearly I
know it's not a rule set in stone but
the use of walls instead of doors upsets
the balance of the game and add some
needless frustration I would preferred
if he went with the Metroid approach
where weapon power-ups open doors or a
system of keys and there actually is one
area in the game where you need a key to
a door but it's only used once even
though I'm criticizing this game don't
think I'm saying this as a bad game
there is a lot to like here
it does add some gameplay elements that
we haven't seen in other Metroidvania as
that work really well the pixel art is
amazing
but even though a lot of reviewers are
comparing it to Super Metroid and claims
that it's better I disagree I think
they're wrong I feel that Super Metroid
was much more balanced diverse and
engaging and I just played through last
year
for the first time so it's still fresh
in my mind in fact I don't even think
axiom verge is the best mentored vania
to come from Indy box wakame Lee is a
better and more innovative take on the
metroidvania genre but not by much
axiom verge definitely sets among the
greatest Metroidvania games ever made
there's no doubt about that and he'll if
your game is even mentioned in the same
sentence as Super Metroid then I think
your games doing alright I would
recommend axiom verge to anyone
and lastly yes before I finish this
video I understand I am very very late
with a new box reviews and I don't
expect I'm ever gonna get any better at
that but that's one of the ways you
could be sure I'm not in their pocket if
I was they would have fired me by now
but I am gonna hustle and try us back on
track that is good and bad news though
the bad news is that you're gonna see a
little bit more indie box content but
you see I don't want to have too much
indie box stuff coming through so I want
to make sure to have a few videos of
other stuff in between and that's why
it's good for you guys because you're
gonna see a lot of content pretty soon
so I better stop talking and get on that
thank you so much for watching guys I'll
see you next time